README.md, before:

# Simple Account Abstraction Snap

This repository contains a simple example of a keyring snap.

Keyring snaps enable developers to enhance MetaMask by adding new account
types. These accounts are natively supported within the extension, appearing in
MetaMask's UI, and can be used with dapps.

MetaMask Snaps is a system that allows anyone to safely expand the capabilities
of MetaMask. A _snap_ is a program that we run in an isolated environment that
can customize the wallet experience.

## Snaps is pre-release software

To interact with (your) Snaps, you will need to install [MetaMask
Flask](https://metamask.io/flask/), a canary distribution for developers that
provides access to upcoming features.

## Getting Started

Clone the template-snap repository [using this
template](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo/generate) and
setup the development environment:

```shell
yarn install && yarn start
```

## Cloning

This repository contains GitHub Actions that you may find useful, see
`.github/workflows` and [Releasing &
Publishing](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo/edit/main/README.md#releasing--publishing)
below for more information.

If you clone or create this repository outside the MetaMask GitHub
organization, you probably want to run `./scripts/cleanup.sh` to remove some
files that will not work properly outside the MetaMask GitHub organization.

Note that the `action-publish-release.yml` workflow contains a step that
publishes the frontend of this snap (contained in the `public/` directory) to
GitHub pages. If you do not want to publish the frontend to GitHub pages,
simply remove the step named "Publish to GitHub Pages" in that workflow.

If you don't wish to use any of the existing GitHub actions in this repository,
simply delete the `.github/workflows` directory.

## Contributing

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn test` to run the tests once.

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and
fix any automatically fixable issues.

### Releasing & Publishing

The project follows the same release process as the other libraries in the
MetaMask organization. The GitHub Actions
[`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr)
and
[`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release)
are used to automate the release process; see those repositories for more
information about how they work.

1. Choose a release version.

   - The release version should be chosen according to SemVer. Analyze the
     changes to see whether they include any breaking changes, new features, or
     deprecations, then choose the appropriate SemVer version. See [the SemVer
     specification](https://semver.org/) for more information.

2. If this release is backporting changes onto a previous release, then ensure
   there is a major version branch for that version (e.g. `1.x` for a `v1`
   backport release).

   - The major version branch should be set to the most recent release with
     that major version. For example, when backporting a `v1.0.2` release,
     you'd want to ensure there was a `1.x` branch that was set to the `v1.0.1`
     tag.

3. Trigger the
   [`workflow_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch)
   event
   [manually](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow)
   for the `Create Release Pull Request` action to create the release PR.

   - For a backport release, the base branch should be the major version branch
     that you ensured existed in step 2. For a normal release, the base branch
     should be the main branch for that repository (which should be the default
     value).

   - This should trigger the
     [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr)
     workflow to create the release PR.

4. Update the changelog to move each change entry into the appropriate change
   category ([See here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#types) for the
   full list of change categories, and the correct ordering), and edit them to
   be more easily understood by users of the package.

   - Generally any changes that don't affect consumers of the package (e.g.
     lockfile changes or development environment changes) are omitted.
     Exceptions may be made for changes that might be of interest despite not
     having an effect upon the published package (e.g. major test improvements,
     security improvements, improved documentation, etc.).

   - Try to explain each change in terms that users of the package would
     understand (e.g. avoid referencing internal variables/concepts).

   - Consolidate related changes into one change entry if it makes it easier to
     explain.

   - Run `yarn auto-changelog validate --rc` to check that the changelog is
     correctly formatted.

5. Review and QA the release.

   - If changes are made to the base branch, the release branch will need to be
     updated with these changes and review/QA will need to restart again. As
     such, it's probably best to avoid merging other PRs into the base branch
     while review is underway.

6. Squash & Merge the release.

   - This should trigger the
     [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release)
     workflow to tag the final release commit and publish the release on
     GitHub.

7. Publish the release on npm.

   - Be very careful to use a clean local environment to publish the release,
     and follow exactly the same steps used during CI.

   - Use `npm publish --dry-run` to examine the release contents to ensure the
     correct files are included. Compare to previous releases if necessary
     (e.g. using `https://unpkg.com/browse/[package name]@[package version]/`).

   - Once you are confident the release contents are correct, publish the
     release using `npm publish`.

## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with
  the CLI, `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or
  `localAndDeps`.

Commit message:

Update README.md with compile instructions (#11)

README.md, after:

# Simple Account Abstraction Snap

This repository contains a simple example of an account abstraction keyring snap.

Keyring snaps enable developers to enhance MetaMask by adding new account
types. These accounts are natively supported within the extension, appearing in
MetaMask's UI, and can be used with dapps.

MetaMask Snaps is a system that allows anyone to safely expand the capabilities
of MetaMask. A _snap_ is a program that we run in an isolated environment that
can customize the wallet experience.

## Snaps is pre-release software

To interact with (your) Snaps, you will need to install [MetaMask
Flask](https://metamask.io/flask/), a canary distribution for developers that
provides access to upcoming features.

## Getting Started

Clone the template-snap repository [using this
template](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo/generate) and
setup the development environment:

```shell
yarn install
```

compile types
```shell
cd packages/snap && yarn compile
```

start the application (cd back into root of repository)
```shell
yarn start
```

## Cloning

This repository contains GitHub Actions that you may find useful, see
`.github/workflows` and [Releasing &
Publishing](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo/edit/main/README.md#releasing--publishing)
below for more information.

If you clone or create this repository outside the MetaMask GitHub
organization, you probably want to run `./scripts/cleanup.sh` to remove some
files that will not work properly outside the MetaMask GitHub organization.

Note that the `action-publish-release.yml` workflow contains a step that
publishes the frontend of this snap (contained in the `public/` directory) to
GitHub pages. If you do not want to publish the frontend to GitHub pages,
simply remove the step named "Publish to GitHub Pages" in that workflow.

If you don't wish to use any of the existing GitHub actions in this repository,
simply delete the `.github/workflows` directory.

## Contributing

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn test` to run the tests once.

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and
fix any automatically fixable issues.

### Releasing & Publishing

The project follows the same release process as the other libraries in the
MetaMask organization. The GitHub Actions
[`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr)
and
[`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release)
are used to automate the release process; see those repositories for more
information about how they work.

1. Choose a release version.

   - The release version should be chosen according to SemVer. Analyze the
     changes to see whether they include any breaking changes, new features, or
     deprecations, then choose the appropriate SemVer version. See [the SemVer
     specification](https://semver.org/) for more information.

2. If this release is backporting changes onto a previous release, then ensure
   there is a major version branch for that version (e.g. `1.x` for a `v1`
   backport release).

   - The major version branch should be set to the most recent release with
     that major version. For example, when backporting a `v1.0.2` release,
     you'd want to ensure there was a `1.x` branch that was set to the `v1.0.1`
     tag.

3. Trigger the
   [`workflow_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch)
   event
   [manually](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow)
   for the `Create Release Pull Request` action to create the release PR.

   - For a backport release, the base branch should be the major version branch
     that you ensured existed in step 2. For a normal release, the base branch
     should be the main branch for that repository (which should be the default
     value).

   - This should trigger the
     [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr)
     workflow to create the release PR.

4. Update the changelog to move each change entry into the appropriate change
   category ([See here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#types) for the
   full list of change categories, and the correct ordering), and edit them to
   be more easily understood by users of the package.

   - Generally any changes that don't affect consumers of the package (e.g.
     lockfile changes or development environment changes) are omitted.
     Exceptions may be made for changes that might be of interest despite not
     having an effect upon the published package (e.g. major test improvements,
     security improvements, improved documentation, etc.).

   - Try to explain each change in terms that users of the package would
     understand (e.g. avoid referencing internal variables/concepts).

   - Consolidate related changes into one change entry if it makes it easier to
     explain.

   - Run `yarn auto-changelog validate --rc` to check that the changelog is
     correctly formatted.

5. Review and QA the release.

   - If changes are made to the base branch, the release branch will need to be
     updated with these changes and review/QA will need to restart again. As
     such, it's probably best to avoid merging other PRs into the base branch
     while review is underway.

6. Squash & Merge the release.

   - This should trigger the
     [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release)
     workflow to tag the final release commit and publish the release on
     GitHub.

7. Publish the release on npm.

   - Be very careful to use a clean local environment to publish the release,
     and follow exactly the same steps used during CI.

   - Use `npm publish --dry-run` to examine the release contents to ensure the
     correct files are included. Compare to previous releases if necessary
     (e.g. using `https://unpkg.com/browse/[package name]@[package version]/`).

   - Once you are confident the release contents are correct, publish the
     release using `npm publish`.

## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with
  the CLI, `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or
  `localAndDeps`.
